Update tsconfig docs (#4826)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/15-types.md

			"$lib": "src/lib",
			"$lib/*": "src/lib/*"
		},

> 		"rootDirs": ["..", "./types"],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"rootDirs": ["..", "./types"]
```

		// TypeScript cannot 'see' when you
		// use an imported value in your
		// markup, so we need this
		"preserveValueImports": true,

> 		// This ensures both SvelteKit
> 		// and SvelteKit package build correctly

Reviewer 2: "SvelteKit and SvelteKit" sounds a bit funny to me. I guess it would be the same as this:
```suggestion
		// This ensures both `svelte-kit build`
		// and `svelte-kit package` work correctly
```
